Add documentation on client credential expiration (#3220)
nasa-gcn/gcn.nasa.gov: app/routes/docs.client._index.mdx

# Kafka Client Setup

> See our [Start Streaming GCN Notices quick start guide](/quickstart) for a step-by-step walkthrough to begin streaming alerts now! See [documentation](/doc/internal/auth) on Client Credential creation and expiration for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
See our [Start Streaming GCN Notices quick start guide](/quickstart) for a step-by-step walkthrough to begin streaming alerts now! See [documentation](/doc/faq#why-are-my-kafka-client-credentials-expiring) on Client Credential creation and expiration for more details.
```
